---
title: Of legends
layout: post
image1: /img/<+imagename+>
image1title: <+title+>
image1subtitle: <+title+>
image2: /img/<+imagename+>
image2title: <+title+>
image2subtitle: <+subtitle+>
image3: /img/<+imagename+>
image3title: <+title+>
image3subtitle: <+subtitle+>
image4: /img/<+imagename+>
image4title: <+title+>
image4subtitle: <+subtitle+>
image5: /img/<+imagename+>
image5title: <+title+>
image5subtitle: <+subtitle+>
tags:
- blues
- concerts
- PA
---

It was a eventful week at Penn State: <code>homecoming weekend</code> with fancy parades, an <code>above average home game</code> in football (if you watched the game you will know that this is a gross understatement), and <code>BB King</code> held a concert at Bryce Jordan. 

I went to the concert, convincing a couple of my friends to join me to see one of the biggest legends in blues history in person.
Shortly after the artist had made his entrance and played his intro song, he said:

<blockquote>
	<i>
	I had a birthday two weeks ago. I turned 88.
	</i>
</blockquote>

The crowd cheered. I smiled wide: here was a man 4 times my age, still doing his thing - definitely worthy of admiration.
Lets see if I will still be standing at that age - let alone still be playing my guitar!

I knew this before going of course. My father said he remembered his name even from his days, and my brother was surprised he was still alive!

You could not help but notice that old Riley B's solos were a bit fatigued.
However, he still had his voice, which was the main thing.
I remember my cousin telling me about going to one of Bob Dylan's concert not too long ago - his two packs a day for I don't know how many decades certainly affected his singing performance. 
Old Riley, however, sitting on his chair with his semi-hollow Lucille in hand, in a slow and wise manner told us jokes about his band members as he introduced them one by one.
They were all in their later years it seemed; and according to old Riley, some of them were with him <i>"when they were 'a finishing the pyramids"</i>.
Shortly later, with full fervor he let us know that <code><a href="http://youtu.be/4fk2prKnYnI"><i>The Thrill was Gone</i></a></code>.

As the show was drawing to a close, he asked; 
<blockquote>
<i>Well, these good folks over here have only allowed me a certain time frame I must adhere to - but, really, why don't they just let me play as long as <code>I</code> want?</i>
</blockquote>

--
BB King; the undefeated, a legend to the last.
