---
title: Ramble On!
layout: post
---

Leaves are falling all around,<br/>
Its time I was on my way.</br>
Thanks to you, I'm much obliged</br>
For such a pleasant stay.</br>

But now its time for me to go,<br/>
The autumn moon lights my way.<br/>
For now I smell the rain,<br/>
And with it pain,<br/>
And its headed my way.<br/>
Ah, sometimes I grow so tired,<br/>
But I know I've got one thing I got to do;<br/>

Ramble on,<br/>
And nows the time, the time is now, to sing my song.<br/>
I'm going round the world,<br/>
I got to find my girl, on my way.<br/>
I've been this way ten years to the day, ramble on,<br/>
Gotta find the queen of all my dreams.<br/>

Got no time to for spredin' roots,<br/>
The time has come to be gone,<br/>
And tho our health we drank a thousand times,<br/>
Its time to ramble on.<br/>

Ramble on,<br/>
And nows the time, the time is now, to sing my song,<br/>
I'm goin round the world,<br/>
I got to find my girl, on my way,<br/>
I've been this way ten years to the day, ramble on,<br/>
Gotta find the queen of all my dreams<br/>

I ain't tellin no lie.<br/>

Mines a tale that can't be told,<br/>
My freedom I hold dear;<br/>
How years ago in days of old<br/>
When magic filled the air,<br/>
T'was in the darkest depths of Mordor<br/>
I met a girl so fair,<br/>
But Gollum, and The Evil One crept up<br/>
And slipped away with her,<br/>
Her, her, ..., yeah,<br/>
Ain't nothing I can do, no.<br/>

Ramble on,<br/>
And nows the time, the time is now, to sing my song.<br/>
I'm going round the world<br/>
I got to find my girl, on my way,<br/>
I've been this way ten years to the day, ramble on,<br/>
Gotta find the queen of all my dreams.<br/>

Gonna ramble on, sing my song<br/>
Gotta keep-a-searchin for my baby...<br/>
Gonna work my way, round the world<br/>
I can't stop this feelin in my heart<br/>
Gott keep searchin for my baby<br/>
I can't find my bluebird!<br/>
I'd listen to my bluebird sing but I can't find my blue bird<br/>
I-keep-a ramblin baby...<br/>
