---
title: Astro 585 discussion
layout: post
tags:
- astro585
---

I'm taking Eric's class: Astro 585, topics in Astronomy and Astrophysics; _High-Performance Scientific Computing for Astrophysics_. 
Its a very discussion based class, and I thought I might try to post my notes here. 

_Keep in mind that these noter are typed quite quickly during class._

**_Anyways, lets see how it goes!_**

#Discussion Wed Jan 29, 2014
###Q: IDL precision, single or double?
IDL's default is <code>single precision</code> - many oblivious grad students have suffered through history because of this.

_I myself, a gradstudent am started to be exposed to this! - Why are we still using a thing born in the 70s of which you can almost physically see the rust covering it? - Not even mentioning the digital handcuffs..._ Stallman, are you picking your feet about this?

###NOTE: Automating processes
####Using scripts like _make_
Often if you find yourself doing stuff _again, and again (3 or 4 times)_. Then automating might be useful. Say you have a humongous table that lists lots of things about a new planet you found. For the next planet you find, you might want to have this table be automated.

You can automate things pretty easily in _Julia_.

###NOTE: Reusing code
####The difference between writing astronomical software and developing drugs for a pharmaceutical company

The readings were pretty supportive of reusing code. However, you have to have two things in mind:

**Beware of Licenses** - This can be troublesome, and can become very hindering for the expansion of projects. - Remember Eric's story about _Numerical Recipes_ - sort of like: <code>All of your thoughts belong to us</code> type of deal.

**Libraries** - Be sure to know that they are actually doing what you want them to do!

###Any tips about refactoring code, or start from scratch?

**Difficult to answer, depends on the problem**. Rather than rewrite everything maybe focus on rewrite a few functions. And do it in a ridiculously incremental level. Use _assertions, debuggers, warnings, print statements etc._


###Q: Top-Down vs. Bottom-Up type programming
####Difference between academic programming and commercial programming

In the old days, everybody had these massive plans (in the _Extreme Programming movement_) to make everything perfect from the beginning. Then it sort of transitioned to the _quick-and-dirty_ movement (sometimes making programs that didn't even work!). Nowadays its a kind of pendulum between the two extremes. 

**For an academic setting:** Its very good to make small incremental changes. Still you have to have some overview. So maybe actually _programming from the middle might be the right thing to do_. Do keep in mind Donald Knuth's words: <code>_"Premature optimization is the root of all evil"_</code>

Somebody suggested: _Bottom up, but keep it general._

###Q: Functional programming vs. Object oriented programming
####Reusing objects as containers, or making functions do all the work.

For example, you can have a galaxy-class and you can make it do photometry, redshifts, etc.	

**Object oriented** Languages like C++, and Java, make it easy to think in that way. 
Once you start writing functions that have.
You don't need classes really, you can do things you want in C!

**Template meta programming** _(still not exactly sure what this is - you can do it, but supposedly it is a little bit obnoxious)_.

Say you have a function, _an abstract integrator say_, and you are gonna pass it a variable.
But what if your function doesn't know what type you are gonna pass it? 
Those types have different internal data structures. 
If you had a pre-compiled language, the compiler wouldn't really know what type you are gonna pass it - and it might barf. 
*Julias* approach is to compile everything at runtime, so it then knows the type, and does it right. 
So it is a way of getting a compile-type function arguments.
